= OpenStack VPC Xen

== Description

Openstack Compute Virtual Private Cloud project. Creates an installation
of Openstack Nova, Glance in a secured Cloud Servers VPN group. This
project also includes task that make it possible to bootstrap external
XenServer machines into the VPC group so that nova-compute can use xenapi.

By default trunk PPA packages are used from Launchpad. 

Nova is configured to use Glance as an image store. 

By default a group of 4 servers is created:

 -login
 -glance1
 -nova1 (Runs the entire nova stack except nova-compute)
 -win1 (a Windows machine is handy to have for running Citrix XenCenter)

You then connect your own XenServer machines (running on bare metal) to the
VPC and configure VM's on them to run nova-compute.

Your own private Openstack installation running XenServer!

Useful for developmental and functional/integration testing of OpenStack.

== Requirements

-Cloud Servers VPC: https://github.com/rackspace/cloud_servers_vpc
-Chef VPC Toolkit: https://github.com/rackspace/chef_vpc_toolkit
-Citrix XenServer: http://www.citrix.com/

== Examples

# Create a new OpenStack VPC server group (Cloud Servers/VPN/Chef/etc.)

 rake create

# Ssh into the group

 rake ssh

# Delete a group

 rake group:delete

# Rebuild/rechef a server within the group.

 rake rechef SERVER_NAME=nova1

# Install local nova source code branch onto a server within the group.

 rake nova:install_source SOURCE_DIR=~/projects/nova-my-branch SERVER_NAME=nova1

# Configure an externel XenServer machine to be on the VPC

 rake xenserver:bootstrap XENSERVER_IP=1.2.3.4
